Update page-diagnostics-for-spo.md (#9708)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/page-diagnostics-for-spo.md

>[!TIP]
>Version **2.0.0** and later includes support for modern pages in addition to classic site pages. If you are unsure which version of the tool you are using, you can select the **About** link or the ellipses (...) to verify your version. **Always update to the latest version** when using the tool.

The Page Diagnostics for SharePoint tool is a browser extension for the new Microsoft Edge (https://www.microsoft.com/edge) and Chrome browsers that analyzes both SharePoint Online modern portal and classic publishing site pages. 

> >[!Important]
> >This tool only works for SharePoint Online, and can’t be used on a SharePoint system page or on a SharePoint App Page. The App page type was designed to be used for specific business applications within SharePoint Online and not for portals. The tool was designed to optimize portal pages and team site pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This tool only works for SharePoint Online, and can’t be used on a SharePoint system page or on a SharePoint App page. The App page type is designed to be used for specific business applications within SharePoint Online and not for portals. The tool is designed to optimize portal pages and Teams site pages.
```
